README.md, before:

# nxshot-web

Automatically organize and timestamp your Nintendo Switch screenshots, now in your browser!

<img width="3204" height="2222" alt="nxshot - Nintendo Switch Screenshot Organizer 2026-01-11 at 00 37 42@2x" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/014a486b-3341-4126-a357-1de4970dc4d8" />

## Requirements

This code uses the [File System Access API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/File_System_API) ([`showDirectoryPicker`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/showDirectoryPicker)) to access local files. This API is currently supported in:

- Google Chrome 86+
- Microsoft Edge 86+
- Opera 72+
- Other Chromium-based browsers

**Not supported:** Firefox, Safari

## Usage

1. Click the "Select Folder" button and choose the `Nintendo/Album` folder from your Nintendo Switch's SD card
2. Accept the browser prompt to allow access to the folder
3. After scanning completes, click "Download as ZIP" to get your organized screenshots

The ZIP file contains your screenshots organized by game name, with the correct file dates preserved.

<img width="801" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17756301/178522830-a8979460-c4aa-43d0-ad52-38d3efabe11d.png">

If some of your screenshots end up in an "Unknown" folder, please open an issue with the game ID from the screenshot filename so that the game ID list can stay up to date.

## Current game ID list

To see what games are currently automatically recognized, take a look at the [gameids.json](src/data/gameids.json) file.

## Development

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

### Testing

```bash
pnpm test
```

## Help

If you have any questions, feel free to send me a tweet [**@pixeldeadlock**](https://twitter.com/pixeldeadlock).

Commit message:

Update GitHub Actions workflow to install dependencies from requirements.txt and enhance README with capture ID database details

README.md, after:

# nxshot-web

Automatically organize and timestamp your Nintendo Switch screenshots, now in your browser!

<img width="3204" height="2222" alt="nxshot - Nintendo Switch Screenshot Organizer 2026-01-11 at 00 37 42@2x" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/014a486b-3341-4126-a357-1de4970dc4d8" />

## Requirements

This code uses the [File System Access API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/File_System_API) ([`showDirectoryPicker`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/showDirectoryPicker)) to access local files. This API is currently supported in:

- Google Chrome 86+
- Microsoft Edge 86+
- Opera 72+
- Other Chromium-based browsers

**Not supported:** Firefox, Safari

## Usage

1. Click the "Select Folder" button and choose the `Nintendo/Album` folder from your Nintendo Switch's SD card
2. Accept the browser prompt to allow access to the folder
3. After scanning completes, click "Download as ZIP" to get your organized screenshots

The ZIP file contains your screenshots organized by game name, with the correct file dates preserved.

<img width="801" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17756301/178522830-a8979460-c4aa-43d0-ad52-38d3efabe11d.png">

If some of your screenshots end up in an "Unknown" folder, please open an issue with the capture ID from the screenshot filename so that the database can be updated.

## Capture ID Database

The code recognizes games using a database of capture IDs (the 32-character hex string in screenshot filenames). See [captureIds.json](public/data/captureIds.json) for the full list.

The database is automatically updated weekly via GitHub Actions, pulling from:
- [switchbrew.org](https://switchbrew.org/wiki/Title_list/Games)
- [nswdb.com](http://nswdb.com)
- [titledb](https://github.com/blawar/titledb)

## Development

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

### Testing

```bash
pnpm test
```

### Updating the Capture ID Database

To manually update the capture ID database:

```bash
pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt
export CAPTURE_ID_KEY=<key>
python scripts/update_capture_ids.py
```

The encryption key can be found at offset `0x71000704D0` in the `capsrv` NSO loaded in IDA. The key hash for verification is `24e0dc62a15c11d38b622162ea2b4383`.

Options:
- `--source switchbrew|nswdb|titledb|all` - Choose data source (default: all)
- `--keep-existing` - Merge with existing data instead of replacing
- `--dry-run` - Show stats without writing file

## Help

If you have any questions, feel free to send me a tweet [**@pixeldeadlock**](https://twitter.com/pixeldeadlock).
